Update pmodel overview with team and pws info (#433)
openshmem-org/specification: content/programming_model_overview.tex

        performed by the application.
\end{enumerate}

\item \textbf{Team Management}
\begin{enumerate}

>     \item \OPR{Teams}: Teams are process subsets created by grouping a set of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item \OPR{Teams}: Teams are \ac{PE} subsets created by grouping a set of
```

    \acp{PE}. Teams are involved in both collective and point-to-point
    communication operations. Collective communication operations are performed
    on all \acp{PE} in a valid team and point-to-point communication operations

>     are performed between a local and remote \ac{PE} with team-related \ac{PE}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    are performed between a local and remote \ac{PE} with team-based \ac{PE}
```

      and returns the old value.
\end{enumerate}

\item \textbf{Signaling Operations}
\begin{enumerate}

>   \item \OPR{Signaling Put}: The local \ac{PE} specifies the \source{} data
>         object, private or symmetric, that is copied to the symmetric data
>         object on the remote \ac{PE} and it subsequently updates a flag
>         on the remote \ac{PE} to signal completion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item \OPR{Signaling Put}: The \source{} data is copied to the symmetric
        object on the remote \ac{PE} and a flag on the remote \ac{PE} is subsequently
        updated to signal completion.
```
